Welcome to this year's deaf room on software defined radio and amateur radio.
It's been a bit of, you know, a harsh year for this place.
Actually, we're very happy that we made it here.
Last year, the SCR community didn't have a deaf room at Foster, which was really sad.
And I'm really happy that we didn't have our own deaf room this year, but a deaf room together with the amateur radio community,
which obviously has a lot of overlap.
And so this will be like a slightly more diverse presentation than we might be used to.
This is super nice. I'm Marcus Miller. I'm one of three deaf room organizers.
Do you want to introduce yourself?
I think if I have to, my name is Paul Merr, I'm from Switzerland, obviously.
I'm a software developer and my stuff I do in amateur radio is mostly developing software.
I'm also very happy we're together with the SCR guys here because that's a field of activity for the amateur, so it's very interesting.
Yeah, so obviously, I'm Marcus Miller, maybe known from the radio project.
I'm very happy to work with amateur radio at Jesus because, well, the application follows the tools in other ways.
The third person is, I haven't seen him best year, so I hope he comes in, but we'll start without him.
So a couple of things that I'd like to ask the audience is, of course, clean up after yourself.
So if you leave, look whether you left some bottles or something because otherwise things will get.
Harry, we are not overfilled today, which is a new thing for us.
Usually the SCR deaf room was so packed that we had to arrange for people to stand not in the escape routes.
I'd like to ask you that if you see someone who's blocking an escape route, talk to him.
The other thing I'd like to ask is that if we can find and volunteer to occasionally check the online stream for this room
and check whether there's something in chat that someone writes like, we can't understand the speaker or something.
Let us know.
So that would be the organizational thing.
So coming to the content of things.
Hi.
You made it.
So this is best year.
This is a come over here.
I'm a bit late.
I was taking for a fit.
Yeah, come on.
Come on.
Come over.
So for the speakers in the room, the cameras over there, you can see yourself on the small screen there.
So if you're not on, you can't see yourself on the laptop, then you're not on the screen.
Content wise, we got pretty diverse collection of things and we tried during selection and schedule of the talks to make them a bit grouped
so that we're not people who want to go to other death rooms can leave and stay for more than one talk.
So we start off with me, obviously, and I will give a really, really brief introduction to what happened in Noredu since last FOSTEM,
which honestly is going to be a bit opinionated because it's what I think is worth mentioning in this context.
We go over to Sylva, who's going to talk a bit about using GPUs to improve the throughput in SDR computing.
This is very interesting to me.
We go over to Mark, who will then talk about a more modern approach to controlling transceivers than most of the tools that we have today.
Then we go for the radar satellite group of topics.
So we start with Jean-Michel talking about, sorry, lost it, synthetic aperture radar.
We'll follow up on the Qo100 payload and we'll close that part of the satellite things with nanosatellites.
I'm not going to go through all of these, I just realized.
The next topic is basically SDR architectures and SDR application software,
and then we'll go into cellular and radio science.
So this is our rough rundown.
I'm pretty good on time.
I can now start doing my next talk, but I guess we'll take your opportunity to, if there's any questions, ask them now.
Okay, so yes.
If it's loud, then close the door, please.
Yes, of course, yes, he did.
So that's true.
We do have like a schedule switch.
So the second talk, the Tetra talk, I think gets switched with Ang's talk on set-dump, right?
So that is another satellite.
Heavy top, what?
Yeah, should be fine.
And I'm excited that it actually works out.
Yeah.
At the room is the wrong side.
Oh yeah, we should probably do it.
I happen to have like, you're the perfect person.
I have some paper.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I have paper.
I have paper.
And while we're at it.
Then I'll just, I mean, this will probably mess up the video stream afterwards because they're going to cut it by the minute, but that's something that we'll arrange in post.
Um.